This new function I want to share on my array I can use the copy with the method here and copy with
it and allows me to copy a value inside of that array.
So within that array.
Now let's say I wanted to copy the Free to a position where Currently I have to.
So that new array is when free free copy with and allows me to do this so it allows me to copy a value
inside of this array and I can do this by as a first argument providing the target where I do want to
copy.
So one for example of course here is specifying the index.
So the place where I want to copy the number two of course has to index one since I want to copy it
here and we have index Yaro index one and then the second argument I specify.
Well what I do want to copy there and of course here is specify index to to refer to the free here which
has index 2 since I want to copy the free to the place where currently Toolis.
So for now I'd run we see one.
So we get back an array where we copied that item.
Now if you print out your initial array do you think that has changed too.
So what you think I'll see if and how it run.
Yes that changed because all those methods which I execute directly on my array object are not on the
bolt in global every object but on the array I created will alter or dead ary will not create a new
one but instead will alter its existing one like here for example.
So that's of course important to keep in mind.
Copy elements also takes a number argument optionally of course.
I can copy if I change this to.
Index 0.
So once you start copying at index 0 and over run this of course now I copy to 1.
But if I add another argument let's say two.
This will be the end of the place I want to copy.
So what you think and I'll get if I to run.
Now I get one when 2.
Because what this does is it basically wraps all that since I started in the 0 and ended it next to
I would copy all that to the position I specify as the first argument.
So to index one.
So basically it will take this and paste it into here.
Now that would make the array longer than it is and the function won't do that.
So it cuts off the excess part and that is how we get this one one too.
So copy within something you have to think about when using baaed can be really useful if you do have
a use case where you want to copy things around within an array and then it makes that really easy.
So I'll turn this array back in to conclude this section on areas here but I want to do is I want to
show the last method for now that I thought it would be interesting.
It's the entries Mefford What could you imagine happens if I run this function year.
I get an object which seems to be an iterator.
Interesting no since it is an iterator and why don't we simply sign it to a variable and loop through
it.
So shelfs loop from my iterator here of course I can do data as you are aware Armond
and if an hour run what do you think we'll see.
I get free arrays and each array basically it just describes the position of the individual elements
of that top array here.
So the first entry which we extracted with the entry method here has a first element of 0 and a second
one of one.
And basically what this means is index zero value 1 which of course is true for the first element in
this array index of 0 values 1.
The second one has index one value to this value.
Here some of the entries Mefford I can get a description of the entries in my array and the description
is basically an iterator.
And when I loop frood it iterator a get Peris of index and value which I might use in my code to do
that and whatever I want to do with it.